# Faustdle
A one piece character guessing game. Heavily based on the concept of One Piecedle, but made to be better in pretty much every way. With over 700 total characters included so far, and several different game modes.
Play it on https://faustdle.com
## Features
- 3 difficulty modes, with each mode including the set of all characters from the previous mode(s).
  - Normal: The intended experience, where all relevant characters are. The game is balanced around this mode.
  - Hard: Pretty much just exists so that character's noone knows about can be included. There's no objective way to classify a character as hard mode, just if they're not important, they're probably in here. Lot's of characters in here don't have enough destinctive traits to be unique, so expect a lot of characters you won't be able to tell apart from the results table.
  - Filler: Any character who is not canon to the manga is featured here. Only contains filler characters from the Anime, Movies, and TV Specials. 
- A daily mode, where the same character is chosen for everyone to guess. Contains a counter that counts how many people have played daily mode today.
- A streak mode, where you keep playing games of a chosen difficulty, and have a limited number of guesses to guess correctly or lose the streak. Every round starts your first guess as the previous rounds character. Features an online leaderboards and name selection on loss in order to track which players have the highest streak.
- Archipelago support, similar in implementation to [APSudoku](https://github.com/EmilyV99/APSudoku), where guessing a successful character will allow you to gain hints in an Archipelago Multiworld. The harder the difficulty you play on, the more likely it is for you to obtain a progressive item hint, with the chances being 10% for normal mode, 30% for hard mode, and 40% for filler mode. This mode also contains death link support, sending out a death link whenever you would die in streak mode for your difficulty, or whenever you press skip. Receiving a death link will also force you to skip the current character you are guessing.